Update backup policy before merge (#778)
odoo/documentation-user: odoo_sh/getting_started/branches.rst

Dedicated backup servers keep the same backups, as well as 3 additional monthly backups.
To restore or download one of these monthly backups, please `contact us <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_.

> If you merge a commit updating the version of one or several modules (in __manifest__.py), or their linked python 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you merge a commit updating the version of one or several modules (in :file:`__manifest__.py`), or their linked python 
```

> dependencies (in requirements.txt), then Odoo.sh performs a backup automatically (flagged with type Update in the list), 

Reviewer: same

as either the container will be changed by the installation of new pip packages, either the database itself will be 
changed with the module update triggered afterwards. In these two cases, we are doing a backup as it may potentially 
break things.

> If you merge a commit which is only changing some code without above mentioned modifications, then no backup is done 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you merge a commit that only changes some code without the above-mentioned modifications, then no backup is done 
```
That might have been correct but it sounded wrong IMO.

> by Odoo.sh, as neither the container nor the database are modified so the platform consider this safe enough. Of course, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
by Odoo.sh, as neither the container nor the database is modified so the platform considers this safe enough. Of course, 
```
